Add roles and task division in Teamwork.md (#56)
learning-software-engineering/learning-software-engineering.github.io: Topics/Teamwork.md

[Resolving Conflicts](https://ca.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/conflict-resolution-at-work)

It is not always possible to avoid conflict. In work environment when people are exchanging ideas and working towards goals, a difference of opinion is inevitable. However, if handled properly, these conflicts can be resolved while keeping the negative impacts at a minimum, and even help create a better solution for the project at hand. This article covers ways that the parties in a conflict can help each other understand their own points of view, while keeping discourse respectful. It emphasizes ways that team members can help each other work towards a common goal.

> ## **Roles in a Software Team **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Roles in a Software Team
```

The usage of `**` (bold) won't work here since the line is a title (`##`). So when viewing the rendered Markdown file, I end up seeing `**Roles in a Software Team **`.

1. Project Manager: The project manager is responsible for planning and overseeing the software development process. They set goals and deadlines, allocate resources, manage the budget, and communicate with stakeholders.

> 2. Software Developer: The software developer writes, tests, and maintains the software code. They work with the project manager and other team members to ensure that the software meets the project requirements and is delivered on time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Software Developer: The software developer writes and maintains the software code. They work with the project manager and other team members to ensure that the software meets the project requirements and is delivered on time. While developers may test their code during the development process, it is important to note that comprehensive testing is typically the responsibility of the quality assurance (QA) team.
```
You wrote "The software developer writes, tests, and maintains the software code." While it is true that software developers do test their code during development, it is important to note that comprehensive testing is typically the responsibility of the quality assurance (QA) team.

To avoid any potential confusion, I've suggested a minor change to the text. Specifically, I've removed "tests" from the sentence and added a brief explanation that developers may test their code during development but that comprehensive testing is the responsibility of the QA team.

3. Quality Assurance (QA) Analyst: The QA analyst tests the software to identify bugs and ensure that it meets the quality standards set by the project manager. They work with the software developers to resolve any issues that arise.

> 4. User Experience (UX) Designer: The UX designer creates the user interface and experience for the software. They work with the software developers to ensure that the user interface is intuitive, attractive, and easy to use.

Reviewer: I think "The UX designer creates the user interface *and experience* for the software" sounds a bit awkward and doesn't flow naturally.

5. Database Administrator: The database administrator is responsible for managing the software's database, ensuring that it is secure, reliable, and optimized for performance.
6. Technical Writer: The technical writer creates user documentation, such as user manuals, help files, and release notes. They work with the project manager, software developers, and UX designer to ensure that the documentation accurately reflects the software.

> 7. DevOps Engineer: The DevOps engineer is responsible for managing the software development process, including building, testing, and deploying the software. They work with the software developers to automate the software development process, ensuring that it is efficient and reliable.

Reviewer: You wrote: "... including building, _testing_, and deploying the software"

By explicitly writing "testing", it may be interpreted as if they are the ones writing the tests and checking the software for bugs. You should rephrase this so it's clear that they're responsible for implementing and maintaining the test framework used by the software developers, including ensuring that automated tests are working as expected, notifying developers when tests fail, and providing metrics on the overall quality of the software.
